feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69e8b296388ebbd517692bcd.md

---
id: 69e8b296388ebbd517692bcd
title: Step 38
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-38
---

# --description--

> Now you will start building the form. Inside the `div` with the class `form-panel`, add a `div` to wrap the "Player Info" section. Inside that new `div`, add `p` wth the `className` of `form-section-title` and the text `Player Info`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you will start building the form. Inside the `div` with the `className` of `form-panel`, add a `div` to wrap the "Player Info" section. Inside that new `div`, add `p` with the `className` of `form-section-title` and the text `Player Info`.
```

You will continue adding fields to this section in the next steps.

# --hints--

Your `div.form-panel` should contain a `div` to wrap the Player Info section.

```js
const container = await __helpers.prepTestComponent(window.index.FootballPlayerCard);
assert.exists(container.querySelector('.form-panel > div'));
```

> The `div` inside `div.form-panel` should contain a `p` with the class `form-section-title` and the text `Player Info`.

Reviewer: This should be className

```suggestion
The `div` inside `div.form-panel` should contain a `p` with the `className` of `form-section-title` and the text `Player Info`.
```
